---
title: Humans Vs Zombies
category: events
tags: [scenarios, hvz]
layout: event
---

### Rules

First make sure you've read the [society rules](http://www.aberlag.com/rules/).
The exception to those rules is that - under all circumstances - melee weapons may not be used.

Please consider joining the [Facebook group](http://www.facebook.com/groups/aberlag/) for AberLAG, and joining the [event page](https://www.facebook.com/events/455005157910163/)

HvZ will take place Monday the 22nd (at midnight) to Saturday the 27th of April (at 6pm).

#### Tagging

- Zombies respawn 15 minutes after they've been tagged.
- Humans become inactive zombies upon being tagged, and become active zombies after an hour.
- Camping is defined as "blocking an entrance to a safe area, such that a player cannot enter or exit the area without an immediate risk of being tagged". Players who are camping may be shot at from inside the safe area, and may acquire other penalties from the moderators.

#### Survival

- Zombies will have "hunger", which is decreased by tagging players. Attending events will add a day to the 'hunger' meter, tagging a player will give half a day.
- The timer will always tick over at 6am - all players will lose 1 days worth of hunger, and any players then at zero will die.
- Dead players can rejoin by turning up to an event, but will lose any progress they made previously.

#### Markers

- Zombies will wear a headband, and humans will wear an armband. The marker must be visibly worn at all times, unless you are in a safe zone.
- You may only tag players wearing a marker - assume people without a marker are not playing. If you need to be temporaily out of the game (e.g carrying heavy or expensive equipment) inform a moderator and take the bandanna off.
- If you think a player is cheating by removing their marker, contact the moderators instead of acting as if they are in the game.

#### Safe Areas

- The game only takes place on campus, and only in outside areas. The map is available here: (TBA)
- In any other areas, blasters and other equipment should be concealed, and no players may be stunned or tagged. This is to avoid disruption to members of the public, and danger to anyone involved.
- Gameplay also counts as suspended in all dangerous areas (such as roads and vehicles). Tags made in a dangerous area are immediately invalidated and should always be avoided.

#### Special Zombies

Zombies may become special zombies, either temporarily or for the entire game.

- *Armoured*: Allows the zombie to take two hits, not just one.
- *Spitter*: Can throw sockballs (or any other legal thrown item). A hit human becomes 'stunned' for 15 seconds and cannot move, but may still use their weapon.
- *Horde*: Mobile spawn point for all zombies. Horde zombies are also Armoured - they take two hits to kill - and cannot run, only walk.

### Achievements

- *Rambo*: Save a group of trapped humans without getting tagged.
- *Terminator*: Make cheesy one-liners throughout the event.
- *The Winchester*: Hide from zombies inside a bar.
- *DENIED*: Tag a human within 1 hour of the game ending.

#### Equipment

- *Overcompensating*: Be equipped with over 2 meters of blasters (i.e. not in a bag).
- *Double the Pleasure*: Dual wield identical blasters.
- *James Bond*: Use nothing but a pistol type blaster and survive at least 3 days.
- *Pacifist*: Never use a weapon.

#### Tags

- *Ubermensch*: Tag more than five players in less than 5 hours.
- *The Almighty*: Tag more than 10 players in one day
- *A shot from nowhere*: Tag a player who is unaware of your presence
- *Cover me, I'm reloa-AAAHHHH*: Get tagged while changing clips.

#### The Virus

- *Patient Zero*: Get infected on the first day.
- *Best Friends Forever*: Sacrifice yourself to a zombie to save someone else.

### Sign-Ups

<iframe src="https://docs.google.com/a/aberlag.com/spreadsheet/embeddedform?formkey=dEFhN0tKRWlsSHEyRVhudE5BQTVmVnc6MQ" width="760" height="985" frameborder="0" marginheight="0" marginwidth="0">Loading...</iframe>
---
