---
title: Red Vs Blue Vs Zombies
category: events
tags: [scenarios, hvz, rvb]
layout: event
---

### The Situation

A localised zombie outbreak has occurred - the first appearance of a potentially new zombie strain - and essential research staff and other VIPs are now in damager. Two special operations teams - codenamed Red and Blue - from competing companies have been sent in to recover these VIPs and retrieve the new strain for research.

### The Rules

Follow the [AberLAG rules](http://www.aberlag.com/rules/), as well as the rules specific to this event.

#### Identification

All players must wear armbands or headbands marking the team they are in.

#### Tagging and Turning

+ **Human** players tagged by a **human** become inactive humans.
+ **Human** players tagged by a **zombie** (by touching) are turned into inactive zombies (see below).
+ **Zombie** players tagged by a **human** (with a dart or sock) become inactive zombies.
+ **Inactive** humans and zombies go back to being active players after 5 minutes (with some exceptions, see the special zombies below). While inactive, players may not interfere with the game in any way.

### The Missions

1. Establish a forward base near the location of the outbreak.
2. Rescue as many of the VIPs as possible, and bring them back *alive*.
3. Destroy as many of the new zombies as possible, retrieving some of their DNA for further research.

#### Mission 1: Establish a Base

There will be 2 potential bases on the campus, each providing a different bonus. This will be your teams base of operations - you'll need to return the rescued staff and DNA here.

#### Mission 2: Rescue

There will be several VIPs in the area that you must rescue if possible. Teams will be given details of an approximate location and a time they can expect the VIP to be there. Each VIP will provide some bonus to the team, but only once they have been returned safely to the base. Zombies cannot attack a VIP until they have been found by one of the human players.

- **Scientists** will provide information on the new strain of zombies.
- **Soldiers** will fight alongside your team, until they are killed. They will not fight other humans unless they are attacked by them, and if they are infected they are likely to come back as a stronger zombie (2 hits).
- **Saints** will help defend your team. Once every 10 minutes, they are able to hold shout "BANISH" and send any zombies that can hear them running (for the next 10 seconds). The Saint must hold their hands above their heads for the full ten seconds.

#### Mission 3: Search and Destroy

Several zombies of a new strain have been spotted in the area, and have been assigned a codename of "**Necromancers**". They are usually seen alongside **Spitters**.

**Spitters** can throw socks to tag human players. Any human tagged by a Spitter is *stunned*, and cannot move from their location for 10 seconds. They have 3 hitpoints.

**Necromancers** can touch any human or inactive zombie in order to instantly turn them into an active zombie. Each of them is paired with a Spitter zombie - while this zombie is both alive and close to them (within 5 meters), the Necromancer cannot be injured. They have 2 hitpoints.

When a Necromancer dies, all zombies around it are brought back to life, and the humans have 2 minutes within which they must 'harvest' the Necromancer. Any human can do this by asking the Necromancer for it's codeword (and remember, dead players and zombies cannot pass on information).

### Scoring

Both teams will score points at the end for:

- Being the first team to find and talk to each NPC (1 point)
- Returning an NPC to their base (1 point)
- Keeping the NPC alive till the end of the game (1 point)
- Returning the codeword from a Necromancer to the moderators at the end of the game (3 points)

The Zombies win if they manage to turn more than 75% of the humans, or all of the VIPs.

### TLDR

Rules to long? Time to short? Here you go:

+ 3 Missions: Establish a base, rescues VIPs, kill the special zombies.
+ Tagging - inactive players become active after 5 minutes:
  + Human vs human: inactive human.
  + Human vs zombie: inactive zombie.
  + Zombie vs human: inactive zombie.
+ Non-Player Characters (1 point for each of: finding them, getting them to the base, keeping them alive till the end):
  + Scientists give information.
  + Soldiers fight with you.
  + Saints help defend you by banishing zombies.
+ Special zombies (3 points for each harvested Necromancer):
  + Spitters can stun you, stopping you from moving for 10 seconds; they have 3 hitpoints.
  + Any player touched by a Necromancer instantly becomes an active zombie; Necromancers have 2 hitpoints but are invulnerable until the spitter they are paired with is dead.
  + A dead Necromancer can be 'harvested' by asking for it's codeword.

