---
title: Red vs Blue
category: events
tags: [scenarios, rvb]
layout: event
---

### The Situation

The strain between Radman Enforcement Divisions & Bellman-Livermore Univerisal Enterprises has become too much. It is war. Your goal as an operative is simple: eliminate the competition and become the last company trading. Your rivals may strike in any way at any time, so keep your stock ticking over, your finger on the FTSE, and let the hostile takeover begin.

### The Rules

Follow the [AberLAG rules](http://www.aberlag.com/rules/), as well as the rules specific to this event.

#### Identification

- All players must wear the armband of their respective team. The marker must be visibly worn at all times, unless you are in a safe zone.
- You may only tag players wearing a marker - assume people without a marker are not playing. If you need to be temporaily out of the game (e.g carrying heavy or expensive equipment) take the bandanna off.
- If you think a player is cheating by removing their marker, contact the moderators instead of acting as if they are in the game.

#### Tagging

- A 'tag' occurs when a player is hit by a dart. They then become inactive players until the next day (starting at midnight).
- Please report tags, both tags made on enemies and by enemies, to Dave Haenze via FB message or text/call. 
- If tagged during a mission, return to your team's briefing area.

#### Safe Areas

- The game only takes place on campus, and only in outside areas.
- In any other areas, blasters and other equipment should be concealed, and no players may be stunned or tagged. This is to avoid disruption to members of the public, and danger to anyone involved.
- Gameplay also counts as suspended in all dangerous areas (such as roads and vehicles). Tags made in a dangerous area are immediately invalidated and should always be avoided.


### Mission 3 - Wednesday

##### Before the mission
Each team begins from their “drop zone”. They must arrive there by 14.00. There they will meet a mod who will give them a quick briefing. Until the mission officially begins at 14.15, these briefing areas are SAFE ZONES.

##### Mission Objectives

Simple – capture the enemy flag and bring it back to your flag zone (not safe zone/briefing area!) without losing your own.

##### Scoring

5 points for capturing the enemy flag whilst retaining your own.

##### Notes

- Flags will be placed at two separate locations (different from team briefing areas).
- A flag is picked up by grabbing it and holding it in your hand – you may not use that hand for anything but holding the flag.
- You may run with the flag. 
- You may not transfer the flag to a team mate until dead. If you are tagged, you must immediately drop the flag and move away. 
- You are allowed to move your own flag back towards your base (directly to it, you may not hide/camp with it). You may not carry both flags at the same time.

### Mission 2 - Tuesday

##### Before the Mission

Each team begins from their “drop zone”. They must arrive there by 16.10. There they will meet a mod who will give them a quick briefing. Until the mission officially begins at 16.20, and after an NPC is returned, these briefing areas are SAFE ZONES.

##### Mission Objectives

Two NPCs are lost and hidden around campus, one per each team. They must be retrieved and escorted to safety! However, there is a twist: you must eliminate the other team's NPC first before successfully returning yours. (see notes)

##### Scoring

2 point for finding your NPC, and another 3 points for successfully bringing them back to your safe zone.

##### Notes

- The NPC do not move unless in physical contact with a team member. 
<br/> To rescue an NPC, you must be in constant physical contact with them, e.g., holding their arm/shoulder with your hand. You are not allowed to let go until your death or successful escort to the drop zone(so you have only the use of one hand). You may only walk with them.
- For your team to win, you must first kill the other team's NPC - this can be done before the enemy team has even found theirs, so be quick! They take 3 hits to kill. Coordinate as a team to successfully eliminate the enemy NPC!

### Mission 1 - Monday

##### Before the mission

Each team begins from a certain location, this is their "drop zone". They must arrive there by 16.15. There they will meet a mod who will give them a quick briefing. Until the mission officially begins at 16.30, these briefing areas are SAFE ZONES.

##### Mission Objectives

You must retrieve a certain number of valuable objects. These are, uhm, green bottles. But for the sake of the narrative, let us call it "weapons-grade Naquadah". You have one hour to retrieve as many of these bottles as you can. Points are only counted if all the bottles are delivered (as ONE delivery) by 17.30.

##### Scoring

2 points per bottle delivered.

##### Notes

Bottles must be carried in-hand at all times, thereby slightly restricting weapons use of the bottle carrier. Only one bottle per hand, and you must carry that bottle until your death or, best case scenario, succesfully completing the mission. If a bottle carrier is shot, they must IMMEDIATELY place the bottle on the ground and back away; you are not allowed to simply hand a bottle over to a team mate.
